-*- indented-text -*-

Issues
======

5. Can't change document size.

  PARTIALLY RESOLVED: Document inspector allows this, but would be nice
  to have popup with common/customized sizes.

6. -group: should inherit geometry from single object.

  If one object, copy bounds and transform into group, and reset object.

  If multiple objects, take bounding rect from common parent.

7. Finish transition editing view

  Narrow table view on each side listing all states (and
  Any/Super), and wider middle outline view with the layers and
  properties that change between the two states, and their timeline.

  Selecting a state on either side switches to that state and moves the
  time scrubber all the way to the left or right, so that the picked
  state is visible. Dragging the time scrubber then plays through the
  transition.

  When a state is selected in left/right it's grayed out of the other
  view, and states representing explicitly-defined transitions are
  highlighted somehow (bold?)

  Checkbox next to each key allowing the animation to be disabled.

  How do we visually communicate the difference between explicit
  ("A->B") and chained ("A->Any; Any->B") transitions?

  - switch to a single list of transitions, prepopulated with X->Any
  and Any->X forall states X. Allow X->Y transitions to be added
  manually.

  How do we edit [timing] functions? Perhaps mouse-over a block, which
  shows a popover containing the controls? Or in the inspector..

  How do we edit default timing values? Should they be per-transition
  or per-document?

8. Finish inspector

  - Color picker needs popover with pickable color image.
  - Context sensitive number formatting. [done]
  - Number control scrubbing.
  - Image controls.

9. Support fake-spring timing in transitions.

  RESOLVED: added MgSpringFunction, animations using this translate to
  CA keyframe animations in layer-hosted mode.

10. Inspector should be unnecessary for 80% of operations.

  - Selected rect layers should have onscreen controls for colors, line
    width, etc (they already have corner radius)

  - Similar for path layers (once, of course, path editing is done)

  - Image layers should have an onscreen button (?) to select image

11. Add edge snapping while dragging.

12. Add keyboard controls to canvas.

  - Cursor keys move objects. [done]

13. Show thumbnails.

  - Layers panel.
  - States panel. [done]
  - Inspected object.

14. Option to hide content outside document bounds

  (Instead of just darkening it.)

15. Path editing for MgPathLayer

  Does this have to be a special mode? Or is there a way to let it live
  alongside the usual onscreen layer controls?

16. Add "measure mode"

  Mouse over an object with Option held should display distance from
  selection to that object.

